feat(RELEASE-1394): push disk images use internal task via git resolvers (#868)
redhat-appstudio/release-service-catalog: tasks/managed/push-disk-images/README.md

| dataPath                 | Path to data JSON in the data workspace                                                   | No       | -             |
| pipelineRunUid           | The uid of the current pipelineRun. Used as a label value when creating internal requests | No       | -             |
| resultsDirPath           | Path to results directory in the data workspace                                           | No       | -             |

> | taskGitUrl               |  The url to the git repo where the release-service-catalog tasks to be used are stored    | No       | -             |

Reviewer: Nit: Extra space in "|  The url"

Author: fixed.

| taskGitRevision          | The revision in the taskGitUrl repo to be used                                            | No       | -             |

## Changes in 0.4.0

> * Updates the release-service-utils image and enables the internalRequests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the release-service-utils image and enable the internalRequests
```

Author: fixed.
